♪ (light music) ♪
Hi ladies.
Hey there, how are you?
Good day for a walk.
Okay.
You know it feels really good
to be up and walking again.
The medication that my
cardiologist gave me was fantastic,
and I feel great.
It's nice to be healthy.
It's nice to feel good again.
But I pay about $400 a month
out of pocket just for medications.
That's a lot of money.
It stretches my budget very thin.
Like many senior
citizens, Ms. Jones is tasked
with taking multiple medications
that put a serious strain
on her retirement budget.
Unfortunately, she is unaware that some
of her brand name prescriptions,
such as Lipitor have
effective cheaper generic
alternatives readily available.
Switching to these could
save her more than $100 every month.
Medications are not Ms.
Jones' only concern.
Charges for tests and procedures
are also taking a large
toll on her budget.
I got the bill yesterday
for that cardiac stress test.
(sighs)
Unbelievable, it was $2,500, $2,500.
I had no idea it would be so expensive.
Thankfully, it's paid for from Medicare,
but I think about this and I
wonder who is paying for this?
I mean, Medicare is paying for it for me,
but who's paying Medicare,
and I wonder about all those people
that don't have insurance
and how do they pay for it.
I tell ya what, if you get a bill
from the hospital like I did,
you darn near have to have
an accounting degree to
be able to understand it.
There are just so many charges.
They charged me $18 for an aspirin, $18,
and the only reason they gave it to me
was because I told them I'd forgotten
to take my daily dosage
before I left home.
So, they gave me one
aspirin and charged me $18.
I could've gotten a whole bottle
at the pharmacy for just five bucks.
I worry because I'm on a fixed income
and I'm thinking, how on Earth
am I gonna pay for all this.
I lose sleep over it.
It's something that I have no answer to.
I don't know if I'll be
able to afford it or not.